[Music]
yeah what's
up friends how are you I hope
you're enjoying the weekend that we're taking
advantage of the last few
hours I'm having a family celebration I'll
be here today so I don't think I can
bring you live tonight today maybe
tomorrow we'll resume the live shows
34 daily whatever it takes you
know that mine is crazy and I wanted to
share it with you in this video this rate
that Olga Moreno uploaded gorgeous
Valencia looks spectacular I think she
's in one of the best moments of
her life I mean she looks impressive you
know the other day I was with
her and she was really looking great
I want you to see this photo next to
the message they share wanting to stay
alive with three blue hearts making
a nod to her
blue tide of course and well you just have to
look at the comments don't let it be the rain of
comments full of blue hearts
to realize who the
blue tide belongs to okay who
really has the support of the blue tide
brutal and ximo brutal and earthquake we have also been
able to see her in the stories
seen great dancing with  Evelyn is a
wonderful girl that I met when
we went to Malaga in fact I think so
well yes I think I don't know if I've seen her in
fact I was commenting the other day in
which she is in charge of defending in
the light that of the plate these girls bilic you are
worth more and yes more maximum all maximums
and well regarding the message not wanting to
continue living them wait for my soul with the
age that she has the face that she has the
time that she has and how good people want that
also that you can't get more art
being here that video because we are going to
tell you our family who thinks of you
about this message it could have a double
a double meaning a double reading
even though we have to see the shots of that
message not wanting to continue living or in other words
task well like redoing her life
whenever she wants she can call in the prime of
life that we are still not family I
will be leaving you with this little photo
remember that you have her instagram
and oliveira
I want to see how many people follow me
through this video okay it's to do
a calculation okay pure mathematics
javi oliveira is seen great in case you
want to follow me family a huge hug  we
see in the following video
[Music]